doc updates (#703)
Worklytics/psoxy: docs/aws/guides/lambdas-on-vpc.md

# Lambdas on a VPC

> **beta** - This is now available for customer-use, but may still changein backwards incompatible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**beta** - This is now available for customer-use, but may still change in backwards incompatible
```
